[Music]
all right work is finally here we're in
Paris behind me the crowd is getting
hyped Romain is leading them on daily
number eight
[Applause]
[Music]
well we're all wrapped up with the first
day of Paris all-stars and it didn't go
so well for the West which seems to be a
trend in this tournament and maybe in
every other international tournament
that I've caught you
I missed MSI 2016 anyway but you know
what it's cool the Paris fans like I
know this is such a cliche we talked
about it but it's been a while since
I've heard them all the way back since
like 2015 so what three years ago and
there's just something so wonderful I I
think a lot of it is the casters do such
a good job of hyping them up but you
almost get the sense that the fans
themselves think that unless they are
sending as much like energy and supports
the team as they can like the team just
doesn't have a chance like it's almost
like they're in on it too and so it's
just incredible because you can be
sitting in the press area underneath the
stands and just like you know you know
when something you just happen even if
you're not watching the screen because
the roar from the audience is incredible
so I don't know I really hope that we
start to see more events in areas like
this and less of the EU LCS to do but
either way I just it's super great to be
back i I really love the French fans the
Tsarina is great super cool and we're
done with today's MSI now let's see if
we're gonna do something oh and it's
brother's last day here he's leaving
tomorrow
so these dailies are gonna get a lot
worse
[Music]
all right so we were gonna be done with
the daily and then I realized that we
didn't have enough footage um I I in
addition to thinking about the footage I
was out talking to a couple people about
fnatic and you know what's interesting
is that obviously I am super into North
America
love the North American teams talk about
the North American storylines but today
fnatic went out they went 0-3 and what a
lot of people are saying is like a super
close 0-3 and having interviewed all
right I actually didn't know too many
people on that team I'd never talked to
proxy or WIPA or some of the other guys
obviously I knew reckless I I don't know
I just I kind of really liked that team
and I'm sad that they they lost but I
hope that they continue to do well and
stay together today I had a chance to
interview Whitlow who just seems like
the nicest guy ever
Brock's uh as well
I won't anger all the EU fans by talking
about how I hope that Joe in North
America they should say over here
because I think they're pretty good for
for EU but I don't know I just wanna I
just want to say I I think that change
should be proud I think EU should be
proud to have them and I hope they
continue to do well and go off to Worlds
because I really like interviewing them
and talking to them and hopefully
hopefully things go well for them
[Music]